README.md, before:

# Awesome libghostty

A curated list of awesome projects, tools, and resources built with or for libghostty.

## Contents

- [Projects](#projects)
- [Integrations](#integrations)
- [Resources](#resources)

## Projects

Open-source projects built with or on top of libghostty.

- [Ghostty](https://github.com/ghostty-org/ghostty) - Reference implementation and home of libghostty.
- [ghostty-web](https://github.com/coder/ghostty-web) - Ghostty for the web with xterm.js API compatibility.
- [Mux](https://github.com/coder/mux) - Desktop and browser app for isolated, parallel agentic development.

## Integrations

Products and applications that embed libghostty.

- [OrbStack](https://orbstack.dev/) - Fast, lightweight Docker & Linux on macOS, with a built-in Ghostty-powered terminal.

## Resources

- [libghostty API Reference](https://libghostty.tip.ghostty.org/index.html) - API reference documentation for libghostty.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

This repository is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update README.md with new project links
Added links to Ghostree and pynb in README.md.

README.md, after:

# Awesome libghostty

A curated list of awesome projects, tools, and resources built with or for libghostty.

## Contents

- [Projects](#projects)
- [Integrations](#integrations)
- [Resources](#resources)

## Projects

Open-source projects built with or on top of libghostty.

- [Ghostty](https://github.com/ghostty-org/ghostty) - Reference implementation and home of libghostty.
- [ghostty-web](https://github.com/coder/ghostty-web) - Ghostty for the web with xterm.js API compatibility.
- [Mux](https://github.com/coder/mux) - Desktop and browser app for isolated, parallel agentic development.
- [Ghostree](https://github.com/sidequery/ghostree) - A fork of Ghostree with native support for git worktree & ai agents.

## Integrations

Products and applications that embed libghostty.

- [OrbStack](https://orbstack.dev/) - Fast, lightweight Docker & Linux on macOS, with a built-in Ghostty-powered terminal.
- [pynb](https://pynb.app/) - A jupyter-compatible Python notebook, native for macOS. Has an embedded Ghosty terminal.

## Resources

- [libghostty API Reference](https://libghostty.tip.ghostty.org/index.html) - API reference documentation for libghostty.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

This repository is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
